supper, supper
You are really bragging
You have no other skills
That's the best
30 million contract
That's not $3,000
You should do it now.
I'll give you three years and you can't handle it
If it's a $30 million contract, I can do it now
You can do it now.
I won't let Xueyao divorce you
Mr. Wang can give another copy to our middle group.
30 million contract
Humph supper, supper
You thought you were the chairperson of Tongtian Key
Said to give you a 30 million contract
I'll give you a 30 million contract
No way.
Don't make it difficult for the king
30 million contract, right?
Ok Mr. Ye
We can sign a contract at any time
But I'm just the vice president
No contract.
If you want to sign a contract, ask our president of Blood Stripe
Mr. Ye, please stay and don't send it again.
It's okay, I'll take you to the car.
Mr. Ye is so kind
Hey, Mr. Wang, what's wrong with your waist?